add link to better examples (#5471)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/export_braze_data/message_archiving.md

}
```

> Please see our code example repository for [message archive sample files](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-examples/tree/main/message-archiving)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to our code example repository for [message archive sample files](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-examples/tree/main/message-archiving).
```
